You must have put something in this medicine
Don't force me to win the championship again
That's a good idea.
Since you said so
Then you and I can't wait in vain
I I I
please
Your money
No, I don't.
It's turning tables.
Die today
Feed me the spirit
It's not enough to make me crazy
Forget psychoactive drugs
No, no, not really.
It's gut poison poison
Signed this divorce agreement
The antidote is for you
Die or live by yourself
Miss Tangtang, I'm sorry.
Spare my life
Why don't you say that earlier?
Lie to your plum
Just kidding.
I will die with you
die together
Just by you
Or rely on your little Miss Sanmeng
He's not having a good time lately.